[DOCU-2967] Share CP/DP proxy 3.1 content into Konnect (#5185)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/runtime-manager/runtime-instances/index.md

A {{site.base_gateway}} runtime instance acts as a data plane, which is a node
serving traffic for the proxy. Data plane nodes are not directly connected
to a database. Instead, they receive configuration from their runtime group,
which stores and manages the configuration in {{site.konnect_saas}}. 

> In situations where forward-proxies are non-transparent, you can still connect the {{site.base_gateway}} data plane with the {{site.konnect_saas}} control plane. For more information about this implementation in {{site.base_gateway}}, see [Control Plane and Data Plane Communication through a Forward Proxy](/gateway/latest/production/networking/cp-dp-proxy/) in the {{site.base_gateway}} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In situations where forward proxies are non-transparent, you can still connect the {{site.base_gateway}} data plane with the {{site.konnect_saas}} control plane. 
To do this, you need to configure each {{site.base_gateway}} runtime instance to authenticate with the proxy server and allow traffic through.
For more information, see [Control Plane and Data Plane Communication through a Forward Proxy](/gateway/latest/production/networking/cp-dp-proxy/) in the {{site.base_gateway}} documentation.
```
